In this lesson we will be adding some counters to indicate number of votes, answers and  views of a question
and we'll write some sass code to style our project and then compile it using laravel mix.
All right
As always before we move on
let's isolate our work into a new branch
Let's switch over to our terminal
and here we can type: git
checkout -b
and then the branch name will be `lesson-6`
All right
let's head over to our editor
open index.blade.php
We'll place them on the left side of the question
so here before these let's add a new div
and give it class `d-flex`, a flexbox class provided by bootstrap. And then `flex-column` to place the content
in vertical direction.
and we also need to add custom class so that we can make some styling
let's call it `counters` like so.
Inside here
Let's add another div
and give it class `vote`
this will be hold the number of votes
let's place the number in `strong` tag strong
then the number of votes
We can also utilize laravel str_plural helper function
In this case so that it can be singular or plural
based on the number specified
So str_plural
then `vote` in singular and pass the question's votes
OK let's duplicate this
and change the class to `status`
In this case
change the number to question answers
and change the text to answer.
Let's duplicate one more time
and change the class to view
and here we don't need to put the number in the `strong` tag because we'll make it a little different
Here let's change the number to views
and change the text to view.
And here let's put them into one single command
and separate it with a space like so.
OK let's save that and see how it looked like.
All right
the counter placed on the left side as  expected.
Now it's time to style them. Let's go back to our editor
and navigate to resources assets sass folder. Then open `app.scss`
We've defined counter class in here.
So now let's select this
counters
first I need more space between counters and the answer
so margin-right
and I think
thirty pixel is is enough
then let's decrease the font size: font-size
let's say 10px and then change the text align to center: text-align
center
several all changes.
Now if we tried to reload the page
we'll not find any changes in our page. This because we need to compile our sass code to normal css
code that can be recognized by browser.
So to do that let's head over to our terminal
and type
npm run dev
hit return.
So this command will tell `webpack`, a node package manager to compile all assets our sass code,
javascript code and then produce new files than can be recognized by browser.
Let me go back to editor
and open webpack.mix.js
and this file is basically a simple configuration file for webpack.
as you can see, in the first line laravel-mix is called. Laravel mix itself is a wrapper for web
pack. In the official documentation
It says "it provides a clean, fluent API for defining basic webpack build steps for our Laravel application"
OK, then below that we can see what file will be compiled
and where the output will be.
So whenever we run NPM run command this javascript file will get compiled and the compiled file will be
stored in public js folder.
In this case the file name will be the same app dot
js if the file was exist then it will be overwritten
That's the same thing to the sass file in 'resources/assets/sass/app.scss' it will be compiled
and then stored the compiled file
in this case it will be `app.css` in public css folder.
Now if now if we open `views/layouts/app.blade.php`
we can see the compiled files are loaded.
So this one and this one.
So, that's why we need to run `npm run dev` to see the changes in our page, because what we written in
`assets` need be compiled, and in this file we reference the compiled files.
OK let's see
now we can see the changes the font size
now a little bit smaller, they are centered, and we have more space between counters and question.
Alright, let's style this vote and answer counter.
Let's go back to our editor
and back to app dot
scss and here I want to make the same with and height for vote and answer so I can write like so: vote
answer
and here let's set the width
let's say 60 pixels
and the height also 60 pixels
and for now I'll define border one pixel solid red
Save!
Now here we need to compile the code again to see the changes.
But, I think it would not be practical to compile the code whenever we make changes in our assets, right?
Luckily laravel has provide another option so that
whenever we make changes it would be compiled
automatically.
so here instead of calling `npm run dev`, now we can call `npm run watch`
So this command will watch our assets changes and then get compiled automatically and it will take some
time to compiled.
OK reload the page. OK here the change.
Now let's make further styling. Here I'll make the number and text of this `votes` and `answer` in stacked.
here in the counter
let's select the `strong` tag
and then change the display to block
then I'll make the font size a little bigger
I think 2 em is enough
And we don't need these red border again just remove it.
Save changes.
Now it will be compiled automatically.
Let's see the change
alright I think
so far so good.